[Music]
who are you are you only the legend or
are you the truth behind the legend all
right all right I'm here we believe in
you
now tell me remember the deeds you have
performed the labors you have
accomplished you cannot deny what you
are man cannot escape his fate now who's
that for an adventurer no matter how far
you go the Beast will follow
[Music]
okay I know what I'm doing you said no
violence this is over a local camp okay
your name is a rallying cry we all know
your legend I'm a regular everyday guy
family man I only want to be a husband
and a father
my communes I would do anything to
protect my family the people need him
save these people and restore order to
this world more than seven itself
let's get to work you want out to let up
[Music]
let's go
[Applause]
[Music]